Hey guys welcome back to the course.
Now we discovered ways to define our audience and part of that is understanding what their interests
are and especially what their pain points are what everyday problems do our users face or what occasional
problem comes up that needs to be solved.
You need to understand that content marketing is just like any other type of marketing you're just trying
to alleviate the pain your customers have an understanding that can really help you wrap your head around
what we're doing in this section.
OK so you know the group of people that you want to connect with and now you've got to figure out what
you're going to make what content are you going to weaponize and getting them to love you.
Well I've found that the easiest way to go forward because I myself am not really that creative is the
first look at what types of content are already out there and survey what's currently working.
If I can't think of what the first step of creating something is as part of my content strategy while
it might just be due to the fact that I have no idea what the possibilities are kind of hard to order
off a menu if you don't know what's on the menu.
So with that being said in this group of lectures we're going to talk about the lay of the land and
assess the 10 types of content that consistently pleases audience and can effectively act as a template
to save you time.
You guys can read the title of the lecture to see which one we're going to cover.
We're going to cover what it is and then get into a little bit more of detail of what makes it work
and what it's good for.
And if you don't care about each individual one just make sure to skip to the next lecture.
All right so it's there are the types of continent usually begin with and focus on answering questions.
These are tutorials interviews and roundups.
So let's start with tutorials.
So first off what what do I mean when I say tutorial given you're watching instructional video right
now you probably know the tutorial is.
But in the world of content marketing we're talking about things that could be like how to repair your
genes and they blow out how to fill out doors how to organize your project files even things like how
to come to terms with the death of a family member to things that are less morbid.
But just as important as how to get the most food in your POTY Brito as you can.
Generally the idea here is to make something that details out how to do something that your customers
might at some time want to do pay attention to this type guys because as a business you're trying to
be helpful.
And this is one of the easiest forms of content to integrate into a broader content strategy.
It's pretty obvious how it helps and how you go about doing it.
Now your first instinct when faced with creating a tutorial might be to think internally that is what
stuff do you make or do or offer that you can create tutorial content about how you might create things
like how to install our app or how to set up WordPress in five minutes.
This is a lot like knowledge base type content but remember everything gets indexed online and if someone
is thinking of trying your product or service being able to see easy to follow content on how to master
it could potentially improve their conversion rate.
So that's one way of going about it.
The other point here though is that if you're too are about your products and your stuff you're not
really considering what's going on outside of your business.
It might work and in a lot of cases it does help when you put it in conjunction with your product pages
but you're really not using this style in this format to its fullest potential.
So another way of thinking about your Tal's is to think instead of internally think externally or more
specifically from the customer's point of view focus less on you and more on them.
You can create tutorials about things that support your industry or directly support your customers
ability to succeed.
If you make marketing automation tools you might create tutorials walking them through how to write
a great welcome email or how to lower their overhead on a Facebook marketing campaign.
The idea here is that you want your customer assistance to succeed as marketers because if they succeed
well then they'll continue to use your product.
The great example of this is a company called Twista.
Now they make a video player that you can embed in your web site and then they host your videos on their
blog.
So they primarily focus on making your company better at making videos because if you're better at making
videos then you'll probably continue using video and thus their service.
You can even go so far as to create tutorials that are unrelated to what you sell but your customers
might find interesting.
Let's say you sell camera lenses online while making a guide on how to hire a freelance videographer
is not highlighting something you're selling but if your customers buy lenses Well they might also want
to know how to hire a videographer.
So just to recap you create tutorials about your products and services but also about the needs of your
customers perhaps involving ways to use your product or use your service.
So how can you come up with ideas for tutorial content Well you can sort it broadly and consider the
basic things they might need help with how to get started how to create your first project how to edit
or change or fix your projects and so on.
You can also consider all the how do I blank questions you might get from a customer of yours and figure
out how you can answer all of them.
You can include screen shots.
Step by step instructions you can just make a big walkthrough video.
There's a lot of different ways to do it.
The point is you can just identify questions that you get frequently need a way to organize your thoughts
well start at the beginning of a customer relationship.
When people don't know you but they do know they need a product like yours what questions would they
ask.
Things like how much will it cost.
How does it work.
How does it compare to these other competitors.
I'm looking at when they start getting more interested more instructional type questions will arise.
So things like how do I install this.
How do I use the different features what happens if it breaks or I need to return it.
How can I integrate this product with other products.
I use the level of detail increases for people who are closer to buying your product or have been using
it.
These different kinds of people have different needs.
So think about the questions they'll ask each step of the way and then make sure that your content strategy
incorporates either both or focuses exclusively on one segment.
Generally best practices dictate that you try to have content for each part of the process first becoming
aware of your product and then getting more familiar with it and just learning how to be good at using
it.
OK so those are tutorials and like I mentioned they focus on answering those key questions or customers
might have.
Now another type of content that at the end of they just answer these questions is called The Interview.
Now we've all seen interviews right.
Hey Erin how's it going.
Good.
I've been staring at the camera lens for about three hours now.
The goal of an interview is to ask someone who actually knows something some questions looking for valuable
information and their answers interviews are great because you don't have to do all the mental heavy
lifting someone else provides the great stuff for you using to think of the questions.
Interviews are definitely worth considering because let's face it as smart as you might be it's not
easy to come up with amazing insights or especially to share experiences that you haven't had yet.
Experts in the industry know lots of stuff they've worked on a lot of projects and many of them love
to share this knowledge with others especially when you approach them and call them an expert.
That's really a great thing for their ego.
It's an easy way to get them to respond to your email when you ask them to be someone that you can interview.
So are you identifying quote unquote experts or good people to interview.
Well here are some ways that you can find them in whatever your industry is.
First off look at events if your industry has big events every so often look for topics that are relevant
to yourself and check out the speaker list you might see common names pop up a lot.
If these experts speak at events they're usually willing to speak in interviews as well probably in
the hopes of raising their profile.
Usually it is the case that you see the same people in the same interview circuit or in the same speaking
circuit.
And if they do one they're very likely to do another or another 20.
The next thing I suggest is check out popular industry blogs or web sites places that always post latest
news latest tips things like that.
The people who own and operate these blogs could be the kinds of experts you're looking for.
Sometimes they interview experts and then well in that case you can see which ones you might also want
to approach the previous logic still applies if they've been interviewed once then they'll probably
be interested in doing it again.
Third thing you can do is look for some books authors love any chance to promote themselves and their
book to speak about the contents of their book so just go to amazon search the books section on your
relevant topic.
Try to get as specific as you can and see who has written topics about it lately you might have to dig
in order to find contact information.
But it could lead to a very interesting interview for your audience.
People who are open to being interviewed generally make themselves easy to contact.
Once you agree to do an interview with someone.
Preparation is key.
You want to tell you that.
Learn about who they are what their expertise is and start preparing your questions the best way to
get the most relevant information from people is the prompt them with good questions that start digging
at the content you want them to share.
Now if you're interviewing someone for the first time you should probably establish their credentials
as an expert for your audience.
Not only does this help the people watching it or reading the transcript.
Understand the value of refinishing it.
But it also helps with people finding your article because it gets next you might begin by asking Who
are you and what do you do or what does your company do that you want to highlight.
What led you to this industry this company this problem they're trying to solve.
How did you get started with questions like those you'll begin to get information about their experience
and interest and learn about where they came from.
Then if you want to insight on specific topic ask them about it but put it into context for your audience.
For all the marketers reading tell me what's your favorite SEO hack.
There are a lot of digital auditors wondering is it worth was it worth it to upgrade to photoshop s.c
creative suite from C-s 6 What's your take on it.
Their work or project experience can be valuable as well.
Ask questions like you've mentioned you've worked with a lot of Fortune 500 companies.
How does their process for creating content differ from small businesses.
Another one you just got back from South by Southwest.
Tell me about some of the new products you saw that artists should be looking for.
People really value hearing experts tell them what they should be interested in.
I always wrap up with something like How can people learn more about you or connect with you.
It's kind of a way for your interview subject to get something out of the interview as well.
Besides just their name plugged in somewhere and especially if your audience wants to connect with them
in some other way it's generally just a common courtesy.
Now keep in mind these interviews can take multiple forms.
You can do a video chat Skype call and you just do it through email if you want to be aware that some
of the experts you interview have limited time maybe you can only get 20 minutes of their time and which
is enough for four or five questions.
Dedicate that time to asking your best questions to try and get the best content.
If you do interview them online make sure you record it obviously using a tool like maybe try campaign
to.
Don't try to scribble notes when you should be listening to what they say.
That's a rookie mistake.
Record it.
Watch it or listen to it later and then get what you need out of it.
However you conduct your interview just make sure the process is easy for them and they will cooperate
with you to make sure you get what you need.
Everyone appreciates a process that runs smoothly.
So with interviews you devote your time to one expert and ask them a bunch of questions.
While there is another content type called a round up which basically reverses what we just described
you ask only one question but instead of one interviewee you ask a bunch of interviewees or a bunch
of experts now with a round up the third type of content we're going to ask us in this lecture you conceivably
end up with a range of answers that can show many ways to do one thing or interpret one piece of data
or information for example.
Just take a smart blogger dot com.
OK well there's the one they asked 25 writers What was your greatest writing or creative challenge and
how did you overcome it.
In the end they had 25 different responses that helped readers see that even successful writers face
challenges.
But there are ways to get past them.
It provided helpful advice and strategy and everybody likes seeing a wide range of a buffet style of
advice.
People are generally of the mindset that more is better.
Now there are a couple great things about round ups.
Number one since you're usually asking experts or influencers for their opinion by displaying them on
your blog you benefit from their association and often they help you promote the piece for you right.
Because they want to show that they were interviewed showing that they were a thought leader.
The their bonus I see is it's the only type where you really don't have to do any writing content creation
yourself you're just compiling answers and writing an intro.
Maybe if you want to put together a round up post.
One easy way to gather your responses is just to use something like a Google form or a type form.
You don't need anything complicated all just ask your question.
Then get their name title and company maybe even their Twitter profile or web site.
You are all so that you can link to them.
This is something by the way that you could very easily outsource ones your form is set up share the
link over email with your experts but give them a deadline.
Tell them you need responses by a specific date.
This can help get your answers more quickly but it also makes it such that they're probably not going
to forget about it.
All right so if you've got questions you think your audience wants answered these three content types
can be a great way to do it.
Tutorials interviews and roundups and tutorials you tell your audience how to do something you do it
through a video or a long guide or whatever whatever you think is the most enriching way of doing it.
Interview you just find someone who knows a lot about the problem that your customers are trying to
solve.
You ask them questions and they generate the content for you and the last ones probably the laziest
one the round up.
You ask one question to a lot of experts and just use that as like a big Here's 25 ways to do something
for your audience.
Give her a few more content types in the next lecture.
So I'll see that.